docs(fx112-css-overflow): Add note for 'overlay' and update other descriptions (#25749)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/scrollport/index.md

page-type: glossary-definition
---

> A **scrollport** is the visual viewport of a {{glossary("Scroll container", "scroll container")}} and represents the area in which the scrollable overflow content can be viewed. A scrollport coincides with the padding box of the scroll container element.

Reviewer: This may be technically correct, but it does rely on you knowing what a visual viewport is, and what scrollable overflow content means.  IMO you should not need that terminology to understand this glossary entry.

If you agree, maybe something like:

```suggestion
A **scrollport** is the part of a {{glossary("Scroll container", "scroll container")}} in which the visible part of the container content is displayed. Scrollbars are used to move content in and out of the scrollport so that it can be viewed. A scrollport coincides with the padding box of the scroll container element.
```

Author: This reads much better. Thanks!

> A **scrollport** is the part of a {{glossary("Scroll container", "scroll container")}} in which the visible part of the container content is displayed. A scroll container allows overflow content to be viewed by scrolling. Scroll bars are used to move content in and out of the scrollport so that the content can be viewed. A scrollport coincides with the padding box of the scroll container element.

Author: self note: running the following command:

`yarn content delete Glossary/Scrollport --redirect "Glossary/Scroll_container"`

> A scroll container allows overflow content to be viewed by scrolling. You can create a scroll container by specifying the {{cssxref("overflow")}} property of an element box as `scroll` or `auto`.

Reviewer: Same comment as above  https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/25749/files#r1162297959

This perhaps doesn't quite match with my suggestion in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/25749/files#r1162306249
